{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17080\viewh19240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Application of Artificial Intelligence Technology in Product Design
\f1\b0\fs28 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The traditional approach to solving a given problem with software is to explicitly formulate a procedure, i.e., an algorithm. However, in many of these problems, formulating an algorithm explicitly is difficult, as is the complex computation required to incorporate all the factors to be considered. At the same time, attention has been drawn to the importance of machine learning, an Artificial Intelligence (AI) technique that has the potential to overcome the limitations of traditional approaches based on explicit knowledge and rule presentation.\
\
This paper presents two case studies of the application of machine learning to product development, an example of its application in an electrical design environment and an example of its application in a structural design environment. The machine learning method used in the former is support vector regression, a regression analysis method for supervised learning, which is used here to estimate the number of layers of a printed circuit board (PCB). The latter calculates the similarity with the extracted feature vectors and detects components with similar shapes, and is used for automatic detection of 3D model components using shape recognition.\
\
This paper presents an example of the integration of machine learning into an integrated development platform, the Flexible Technology Computing Platform (FTCP), using Fujitsu's MONOZUKURI artificial intelligence framework. The framework applies machine learning techniques to the field of product design, in particular to common processes for different design areas and application topics. The framework is not only a learning model development framework but also a learning model utilization framework. For the former, this paper states that their current work is to develop guidelines and tools to establish a learning model development framework to support service development using machine learning techniques, with the aim of improving the efficiency of learning model development by preparing a series of necessary environments to minimize unnecessary rework. For the latter, the aim is to improve the accuracy of prediction and classification through machine learning techniques by creating learning models for the specific purpose of each applicable design domain and further creating learning models for each applicable topic in each domain. Users and service providers can access the MONOZUKURI AI Framework through a web application programming interface (API). The former can use the learning models according to the purpose and benefit from the required database in the cloud; the latter can register the learning models in the database in order to manage the learning models in the cloud and, more importantly, they can update the learning models according to the development of new design techniques and processes.\
\
The authors' goal is to develop FTCP 3.0 based on the concept of "One Platform" to support product design, in which the MONOZUKURI AI framework plays an important role. Machine Learning specializes in "Prediction/Classification" and "Clustering," and the authors prefer to differentiate and automate the design problem based on the design problem rather than solving all the problems using Machine Learning techniques, while retaining the pure Machine Learning/Hybrid Machine Learning Automation options.}