{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17080\viewh19220\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 The Use of Knowledge-Based Engineering Systems and Artificial Intelligence in Product Development: A Snapshot\

\fs28 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Introduction
\f1\b0 \cf2 \
\
Product development and solving design problems are structured activities aimed at translating technical and design requirements into product specifications, which depend heavily on the experience and skills of the designers. Techniques such as Knowledge Based Engineering (KBE) have been discussed for many years, but no major breakthroughs have been made, except for some single niche design activities. The purpose of this paper is to provide a brief overview of the practical application of Knowledge Based Engineering Systems (KBES) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) in product development.\
\

\f0\b \cf2 Methodology
\f1\b0 \cf2 \
\
The authors conducted a detailed literature search to understand the application areas of knowledge-based engineering systems and artificial intelligence in product development. The review is divided into two parts, one is a search of relevant literature found in the Society for the Science of Product Development (WiGeP) and the other is a Google Scholar search using search phrases.\
\
The search phrases in Google Scholar included methods and applications. Methods were categorized into three levels based on the frequency of keywords appearing in the WiGeP literature to ensure that the depth of the search in Google Scholar was appropriate, i.e., generic phrases for AI and knowledge-based methods, commonly used phrases for machine learning and deep learning, and concrete methods. In order to obtain an actual snapshot, only literature from the last five years was included.\
\

\f0\b \cf2 Classification of Results
\f1\b0 \cf2 \
\
The authors found 561 articles using the two search methods described above, and after performing a complete keyword search for each article and evaluating the title and abstract (Evaluation I), 46 articles were retained. The remaining articles (18 articles from the WiGeP method and 28 articles from the Google Scholar method) were selected after being verified as full text and used in the early phases of the product development process (Assessment II).\
\

\f0\b \cf2 Synthesis of Applications
\f1\b0 \cf2 \
\
According to the VDI guideline 2221:1993, the product development process is divided into four phases (task classification, concept, embodiment design and detailed design) and seven product models.\
\
The conceptual matrix shows that 70% of the KBES and AI applications in product development are in the embodied design phase, in addition to 12% and 9% in the conceptual and detailed design phases, respectively.\
\

\f0\b \cf2 Discussion
\f1\b0 \cf2 \
\
The Methods module is the only one with a balanced distribution, with all phases and product models covered. The conceptual matrix shows that all phases of the design process are represented in the KBES- and AI-oriented literature. However, the early stages, especially the discovery of concepts, seem to be severely underrepresented. Another surprising point is the lack of design automation systems in detailed design. Regarding algorithms, most of the literature describes newly developed algorithms and their benchmarks. These are usually simple standardized experiments that usually cannot be applied to more complex real-world problems or multi-criterion optimization.\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
}