{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17080\viewh19240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Introduction
\f1\b0 \
\
The main concept of the fourth industrial revolution or Industry 4.0 is the digitization of manufacturing, which incorporates a variety of innovative technologies and is characterized by smart manufacturing. Artificial Intelligence (AI) has been applied to manufacturing operations not only to analyze data to make decisions, but even to autonomously self-monitor and self-control. Product design is a crucial activity in the manufacturing industry, which requires long development time, a lot of human experience and cost. The purpose of this article is to outline how AI can enhance the product design phase of smart manufacturing.\
\

\f0\b Smart Manufacturing & Product Design
\f1\b0 \
\
Smart manufacturing is used to describe a manufacturing system driven by data-driven technology that acts as a fully integrated intelligent system that meets customer needs in real time and reacts to changing demands and conditions in the factory. Smart manufacturing consists of six pillars and more importantly, four characteristics that characterize smart manufacturing, namely flexibility, quick response, communication and collaboration, and integrated intelligent systems.\
\
Product design is the product design process that starts from receiving market demand or customer needs to generate the overall details of the product before production, and is a critical step that affects the success or failure of market competitiveness. Product design can be divided into three stages: conceptual design, embodiment design and detail design.\
\cf2 \cb3 \

\f0\b Artificial Intelligence in Product Design
\f1\b0 \
\cf2 \cb1 \
Product design should employ the best cutting-edge technologies, such as artificial intelligence, to facilitate the development and analysis of data for intelligent design decisions to meet customer needs in a timely manner, improve market competitiveness, and achieve efficient design.\
\
Among the three phases, conceptual design is the step of determining the conceptual functionality and design of a product by considering the requirements that are translated into concepts. Many researchers have focused on a systematic approach to understanding the requirements of the entire product. Customer requirements are generally expressed in natural language and in order to understand them it is necessary to use Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques, which is a powerful branch of Artificial Intelligence. In this phase, it is necessary not only to translate the requirements into conceptual functionality, but also to find possibilities for conceptual design candidates for subsequent fleshing out and detailing, e.g., by applying AI in computer-aided design (CAD) and computer-aided engineering (CAE), in particular deep learning (DL). In addition to the above two parts, AI is applied in another part of the conceptual design phase, such as estimating costs and visualizing processing features.\
\
In the embodiment and detail design phase, there are two main types of activities: material selection and product form design. The former is a key point in product design because materials play a crucial role in the product design and production phases. Many researchers have become interested in the use of AI for material selection and have identified the importance of AI in material selection decisions. For the latter, designers need to spend a lot of time organizing data and design knowledge, and the available data is attractive to many researchers to facilitate designers to reduce design time-consuming and design errors in the product design phase, so many researchers try to adopt AI to manage this data. There are also studies related to AI-assisted design and automated product design through the implementation of AI and CAD model libraries aiming to utilize historical data to transform traditional design into automated design through AI.\
\

\f0\b Challenges and Future Research Directions
\f1\b0 \
\
This article points out that the challenges can be summarized as follows: the challenge of analyzing client needs in terms of dealing with natural language; the research challenge posed by the choice of materials; and the challenge of achieving knowledge transfer between designers.}